in which I have now been doing well I've
had my drz in pieces for a little while
I've actually finally made the next
steps to getting it ready to sent off so
you know I've stripped all the bolts out
stripped all the bearings out there all
in this box here box full of just bolts
and bearings
I've got the wheels ready to be sent off
my plan for the wheels is to get the hub
done in red get the black resprayed to
get all the chips out and stuff and then
get the spokes
dumbest things
the tank I'm gonna just get repainted in
black because I think that looks pretty
cool anyway this is sounds pretty cool I
think in my opinion as you most of you
know you get the sort of stock chain
guard now what I've done is I've taken
the stock chain guard but I've changed a
little bit
it's currently being painted right now
it's just had its final her pain is to
touch to dry basically I just drilled
out the draw it out and then filed all
the slots at the same time also removed
the numbers because of the state that
the numbers were in they were kind of
unsavable yeah that's what it sort of
looks like obviously it's not perfect
you know but I mean once it's actually
on the bike it'll look pretty sweet I
think that's what else
well this that's or stuff I dismantled
the chair the chain I say I mean my dad
it's mantled the rear suspension
and that's also it going to be sent off
yeah basically I'm going with I've
decided on the graphics now that's sort
of a red white in a black so the
majority of this sort of stuff is going
to be that those sort of colors so I'm
gonna get the suspension done red and
just other sort of little bits and bobs
most of it you won't notice I'm gonna
get them done in black I'm not going to
actually get these done anymore
originally I was going to get this done
but okay I should say I found a video
made by the one and only fragment of car
that showed off his
foot pegs and I really liked them so I
decided I'll go and get that he's got
another thing I had to do was with this
brake lever where the previous owner
didn't really care too much about his
see what he'd done is he had dropped it
in such a way the peg had dug in and
made very deep marks basically and what
I had to do is I had to file it out into
the same shape and then sand it down so
it looks pretty so as if nothing ever
happened I mean there are a few marks
still but once the powder coats on that
hopefully you shouldn't even notice the
aim them well right
engine-wise still here obviously as you
can see
he's gonna be sent off around the end of
this week
hopefully he'll shoot I'm hoping it'll
go off at the same time as the frame and
stuff so it should all kind of be done
together although I think I'm gonna send
the frame off about two weeks before I'm
inside did you um the other thing I did
was I fixed the clock I can show you the
second one in a second but but yeah my
next video will be when stuff actually
gets done major wood over now
you